Remove default tls secret for NGINX Ingress deployments (#2901)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/installation/installation-with-manifests.md

## 2. Create Common Resources

> **Note**: If you want to use your own certificate and key for TLS tor the NGINX Ingress controller `default_server`, you are free to do so. The format should be: `namespace/name_of_secret`   

Reviewer: If you want to use the callout formatting, use 

```
{{< note >}} 
You can use your own certificate and key for TLS for the NGINX Ingress Controller `default_server`. Define the  secret and the namespace where it resides using the format: `namespace/name_of_secret`.
{{< /note >}}
```

Author: Made the changes that were recommended.

> This is a kubernetes TLS secret that will contain your certificate and key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a Kubernetes TLS secret that contains your certificate and key.
```

> This is not required however. If you decide not to provide a TLS secret for the `default_server`, NGINX Ingress controller will automatically enable `ssl_reject_handshake`. Read more on [ssl_reject_handshake](http://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_ssl_module.html#ssl_reject_handshake)   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Providing a TLS secret for the `default_server` is not required. If you don't specify a secret to use, NGINX Ingress Controller automatically enables `ssl_reject_handshake`. You can find out more about  [`ssl_reject_handshake`](http://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_ssl_module.html#ssl_reject_handshake) in the NGINX Open Source directives documentation.   
```

## 2. Create Common Resources

> {{< note >}} If you want to use your own certificate and key for TLS tor the NGINX Ingress controller `default_server`, you are free to do so. The format should be: `namespace/name_of_secret`{{< /note >}}   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note >}} If you want to use your own certificate and key for TLS for the NGINX Ingress Controller `default_server`, you are free to do so. The format should be: `namespace/name_of_secret`{{< /note >}}   
```
